# CCS330-Final-project
Creating a C++ scene using basic shapes, textures and lighting
NOTE: My final file is much larger than 25MB, even after compressing so I had to upload each file separately here.

The approach to software design I seek is the most effective ways to increase speed and security, by using only what is needed and ensuring that vulnerabilities aren't present only then can the software be the fastest for the security concerns. The process for design in this particular project was in creating a replication of TechSources 2017 gaming setup. Using several images to replicate each physical feature and develop a realistic rendered scene. This visualization of the process can help me develop more scenes, 3D models and renderings in the future by analyzing and using trial and error. Learning and using C++ has been very fun, as it is like all programming languages with niche syntax and cues. The process of iterating on the design with new textures and positioning or size was intriguing to learn exactly how code can translate into 3D scenes. Starting with a basic shape and learning how to work it, evolved into creating objects and texturing them. Finishing with lighting was the ice on the cake, enabling the scene to look realistic with shading and color beyond the textures. As someone who has been 3D modeling and printing for 6 years now, I can develop upon my existing skills in order to create renders for clients and realistic visuals as to a end product rather than blueprints or words.
